 .
 surgical excision of the tumor be perform in all patient even if they present clinical complete response in this case the area of the tumor be excise .
 adjuvant hormonotherapy be administer to the patient after chemotherapy accord to the medical doctor judgment evaluate er and progesterone receptor .
 the clinical response be assess by measurement of the change in the product of the two large diameter record at baseline and at the end of chemotherapy before surgery .
 tumor progression tp be define as an increase of at least of tumor size stable disease sd as a tumor size increase little than or reduction little than or equal to partial response pr as tumor shrinkage great than and complete response cr as a total disappearance of all clinical sign of the disease .
 lumpectomy or mastectomy be perform approximately 3 week after the last cycle of neoadjuvant chemotherapy post-operatively the patient resume chemotherapy 3 4 or 6 much cycle .
 consolidative radiation therapy be apply in some case gy to the chest wall and gy to the lymph node .
 table 2 show the main characteristic of the patient study .
 the specimen from surgery be carefully evaluate for the presence of residual disease by the pathologist .
 pathological complete response pcr be define as the absence of invasive carcinoma in the breast microscopic residual disease mir be define as 1 mm of invasive carcinoma and macroscopic residual disease mar be define as 1 mm or multiple focus of invasive carcinoma throughout the specimen .
 follow-up .
 the follow-up be periodically perform clinically and by the diagnostic tool mention above x-ray .
 the median time of follow-up define as time to death or to the last follow-up visit be 45 month 8 month for fac fec group and 41 month 6 month for d e group .
 dfs be calculate as the period from diagnosis until the date of the first distant recurrence or the last follow-up .
 os be calculate as the period from diagnosis until the date of death .
 histopathology .
 pre- and post-chemotherapy sample be immediately fix in buffer formalin and embed in paraffin .
 serial 5 m-thick section be mount onto 3 aminopropyltrietoxysilane sigma louis mo -coated slide for subsequent analysis .
 apoptotic figure be identify in the histological section stain with hematoxylin and eosin he use establ