reat with vm be low ng ml during the early differentiation stage however the concentration of il-8 increase to ng ml by day treatment with cm increase osteoblast production of il-8 by nearly five time ng ml when compare to treatment with vm at the same time ng ml .
 osteoblast production of mcp-1 display a different pattern of expression than il-8 and il-6 .
 mcp-1 increase in cell treat both with vm and cm .
 however the concentration of mcp-1 be high in culture of osteoblast treat with cm than with vm .
 this increase in mcp-1 be maintain throughout all stage of osteoblast differentiation day 4 osteoblast treat with vm ng ml mcp-1 cm ng ml mcp-1 day 8 osteoblast treat with vm ng ml mcp-1 cm ng ml mcp-1 .
 the dose response of cm-treated osteoblast expression be determine by treat hfob with and bccm .
 after 24 h the resultant culture supernatant be collect and assay by elisa for il-6 il-8 and mcp-1 .
 osteoblast production of il-6 il-8 and mcp-1 increase as the percentage of bccm be increase .
 full-size image 33k high-quality image 319k the hfob increase in secretion by breast cancer condition medium be dose hfob cell be plate and grow at 34 c until confluency when they be change to differentiation condition as indicate in the method section .
 on day 7 osteoblast be treat for 24 h with vm or cm at either or bccm .
 the resultant culture supernatant be collect and level determine by elisa .
 view within article .
 to determine if the alter production be specific to breast cancer condition medium osteoblast culture be treat with osteoblast cm .
 there be no significant change in osteoblast production of il-6 il-8 or mcp-1 compare to treatment with vm datum not show .
 direct co-culture of hfob and mda-mb-231 breast cancer cell .
 a direct co-culture model be test to determine if the change similar to treatment with cm occur with cell contact .
 mda-mb-231 cell be add to a differentiate day 8 at 39 c monolayer of hfob at a ratio of mda-mb-231 to hfob cell .
 mda-mb-231 and hfob cell be cultured sepa