eacher training .
The Member States must commit themselves , amongst other things , to converting their national cultural collections into digital form to contribute to creating a European archive .
And the Commission could enter the vast heritage of our museums , art galleries and theatres into the network of available information .
Madam President , first let me voice a regret .
Turning to the report we are considering today , I want to congratulate Mrs Morgan on the quality of her work .
She was intelligent enough to avoid the two pitfalls of systematic rejection dictated by fear of progress and blind admiration for that progress .
For even if these new communication technologies enable us to effectively combat failure at school , we also know that the cost of the equipment is a source of inequality .
Mrs Morgan 's report has many good qualities and courageously points to a number of dangers , while at the same time showing the potential for culture and education .
But I think it suffers from certain illusions in relation to family life , school life and culture .
The crisis facing many young people in their family and in society springs from difficulties with language and communication .
The tools provided by information technology are useful for people who are already in a structured situation and who will therefore benefit from the extra potential they offer .
The problem arises when this structure , in relation to language , in relation to education of the mind , and therefore judgment , does not exist .
In such cases , using machines is no palliative .
So we are faced with a number of illusions here .
The domain of school life and culture is also the domain where people discover a taste for making an effort .
This taste for making an effort , for progress in seeking the good , the true and the beautiful , is very much dependent on the richness of interpersonal communication .
In information technology , the screen is omnipresent .
In fact the word ' screen ' should make us stop and think .
Information is coming as a genuine shock involving change in the very concept of civilization , and that means we will have to change our educational culture .
It will be an imperative to adapt the system to the new demands . The Socratic philosophers themselves , always seeking truth despite their scepticism , would have accepted that education must be adapted to the new needs !
Madam President , the new information technologies are going to have an enormous impact on the fields of education and culture .
There are great opportunities as well as serious risks .
On the othe