lantic relations are entering a crucial stage at this time and we are facing many new challenges throughout the world .
I really do hope that the parliamentary exchanges we have over the next few days will reinforce our existing solid relationship .
I wish the delegation from the United States Congress a pleasant stay in Strasbourg .
BSE ( Vote on motion of censure )
Mr Happart has the floor for a point of order .
Mr President , this is not a point of order but a procedural motion .
I should like to know what Mr Santer is going to do for the human victims and for their families .
( Mixed reactions ) What Mr Santer is going to do about ...
( The President interrupted the speaker ) who betrayed the inter-institutional agreement ...
Mr Happart , you no longer have the floor .
You asked me for the floor in order to table a procedural motion , but this is not one .
We discussed this matter at length the other day , and the Commission gave such explanations as it felt to be relevant .
We shall now proceed to the vote .
( Parliament rejected the motion of censure )
Today , therefore , I want to make it clear what the position of our group was , and why a majority of us voted in favour of censure .
First , however , I should like to repeat my regret regarding the procedure selected for the various votes on the BSE crisis .
That was why our group , the Radical Alliance , did not take part in the vote on 19 February .
Otherwise , just to make things clear , if we voted in favour of the censure motion , that decision was in no way directed against the Commission as an institution - quite the contrary .
The position of the radicals was dictated by their view of the European institutions .
We are federalists , which is why we regard the Commission as a precursor of the possible Federal Government of tomorrow .
That explains the vote by the Radical Alliance .
Madam President , I voted in favour of the censure motion because I do not wish to be an accomplice of the Commission in this serious affair .
I am aware of 