ll poor , the social situation is serious , or even tragic , and above all the political situation has once again become tense just recently .
Human rights are not respected , and President Nazarbaev seems almost insensitive to Western criticism .
But we shall see what we shall see .
For the present , the Committee on Foreign Affairs shares the point of view of the Committee on External Economic Relations and approves the interim agreement .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the agreement with Kazakhstan is often discussed purely from an economic viewpoint .
In fact , Kazakhstan is a country that one might almost describe as explosive .
Moreover , there is no doubt that the most dynamic countries have already become interested in the country .
It is therefore of very great importance to the Community that we should set an example as far as Kazakhstan is concerned .
I admit that there are endless problems : social problems , employment problems and , last but not least , a relatively weak democracy .
As far as President Nazarbaev himself is concerned , he has been very strongly criticised .
However , I should just like to say one thing : the man is , after all , a Turk .
Recent events in particular have shown us that we must be careful here , and that in consequence a sign from us to President Nasarbajev would be of great political advantage to political stability in Central Asia .
Madam President , may I take this opportunity to wish Mr Martens many happy returns of his birthday today .
But now about Kazakhstan .
If you look at European interests in Kazakhstan , they are naturally not insignificant .
We rather like the idea of the reserves of oil and gas there and large-scale European undertakings are already busy making sure that they have the opportunity to exploit them .
Finally in Kazakhstan we also have Philip Morris , who has taken over the cigarette industry .
Finally I should like to say something about energy , because the interim agreement too touches upon nuclear safety .
I would rather see social security in Kazakhstan put before our trade and economy .
The report is to be welcomed , because the current economic situation in Kazakhstan , as has already been mentioned several times , must be regarded as very bad to catastrophic .
Mr von Habsburg has just given a ver